That's having a lot of fun and learning a lot.
OK I thought so.
Good.
Good stuff guys.
Good stuff.
So let's go to the post up BHB here and let's go to let's go to those links.
We're going to fix this later.
Guys don't worry too much about this.
I got some really cool lectures coming up to show you guys how to do a lot of really cool stuff so I'm
going to have to change my background here for my ideas so I can know where this thing is anyway so
we want to make this a little dynamic What do you guys think.
So there is another function that we need to create and that is responsible for the texting that this
post was like.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So right below downloading user ID function we're going to create the user
like this
all user like poles or something.
I don't know.
It's just a name guys.
OK.
And this is going to take the post ID would like pause Id put maybe a placeholder.
And here we are going to be making equerries So that's why that function is super useful right there.
And all we have to do here is just select.
So we're going to you know basically select what they likes whether user ID matches a user ID that's
logged in and of course we want to make sure that it pulls ID is the correct one as well.
Right.
So that way we know that a user actually like this.
So we are going to select all from polls.
I mean likes where they use their ID.
OK.
As a matter of fact we have a user ID on the polls and we see that.
Well we don't.
This has nothing to do with that yet.
But I think it is very good for us too.
And that's why I don't want you guys to miss any of my lectures because I always show you something
different.
Depending on you know how I feel there has nothing to do with the lecture.
I think it's very useful for us to do like a user id type of field here just to the the user ID instead
of having to pose user tests here name.
So yeah we do that later.
So here
weekend write function so let's concatenate do have a function right here.
So let's get the logging user id OK because remember that the user has to be logged in and we're going
to do that in a minute to like it.
So that's how we get to know.
We also want this to be and false ID and you can do and like this as well.
Cause Id
be doing just like that not to make it too complicated.
I don't want it to be too complete I was going to concatenate these two but let's just do it like that.
OK.
This is this curly brackets.
So for me tool or for the next developer to differentiate that this is a variable.
It's easier to understand like that but there you can see my ds actually doing that but if for some
reason this was in a text editor right.
You can't tell unless he has it curly brackets and so.
So now that we have this squaring let's assigned this as a result because when I get data from there
and we are going to return
my SU rules my focus should have done this here.
But anyway what I want to do is I'm going to do I tell her every feature here I've done this before
where I use do everything in one line.
So if it's greater or equal than one I want to return TRUE else return false.
OK.
So we could have done this here and we can return to either you know they use their ID or the
let's just do it right.
Or they of course.
OK.
So we could just say we turn the user id off.
Now here here are false and we can go ahead and delete everything else that that makes a lot more sense
like that.
OK.
Make sure your still works OK.
So you can go back to this logged in user
right here and just refresh.
And you know if you don't see any errors in there you know well let's go ahead and log in.
Just make sure that it is working.
And I'm going to go to that test page and refreshing still works.
OK.
So
so why don't we test is.
OK.
So I wanted to go to that test page right here.
And it's returning you for.
So what I need to do is I'm going to say if
they use it like dispose call user Leichter or something like that
like ELSE
THE not like something like this.
So let's go back here and this put some type of post ID right.
So we need a push ID will it will pose and we see that 1:39.
So 1:39 is not liked.
Right now we should not see what you see the now like it.
So let's pass is 1:39 now here.
Sorry.
1:39 right here.
And let's go to that test page and refresh and you can see they said did not like it and you just say
user.
Let's like it and let's see what that page says.
So let's go back to that posts.
His other 1:39 Yes this just like it looks like let's go back to that test page and let's refresh and
you can see that it says user like that.
So we successfully create He created that really cool function guys really organize and really methodically
prepared.
OK.
So we could we could of course make this a lot more than namak allow better.
But I'll leave that to you I think this is this is really cool right now.
Right.
So let's go ahead and in the next lecture Let's play a little bit with this two functions in our polls
page.
See you in the next one.